When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
When I have to work in different place on different machine, I would rather use a remote than a local one. Romote will give me a lot convenience whenever and wherever I want to work.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
Because it's not necessary to pull changes having Git automatically, and I want to have option about when and where to pull changes.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
Branches happen on a single repository, and when you create one, you're creating it on one single repository. Clones involve taking an existing repository and making one just like it. Forks look a lot like a clone, but fork is only used within the context of GitHub, taking existing GitHub repository and making a copy of it.
When I want to experiment some new features on the existing version, I'll create a new branch instead of commit on the master branch. When I want to have  a copy of someone's in the GitHub, I'll fork it to my account. When I fork someone's work and want to continue to work on it in my own machine, I'll clone down and work locally.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
In case there wil be more conflicts between remote and local commit, which can get us in trouble.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
If there was no Git or GitHub, I would always have copied folders to communicate with multiple people, and more time and labor would be wasted. That's annoying.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
When I am involved in a complicated project working with multiple people, somwetimes, I might have a new idea about some features and want to share with other people, at this time, it's better for me to create a separate branch to experiment. It's free for me to make changes. But it gets more complicated when I want to stay up-to-date with changes others are making. Directly making changes in master will get me rid of this situation.